# Master database values for automated builds in Jenkins.
# $HeadURL$
# $Id$
#
# site                         appdb       userdb    alogin                ulogin   
#

#https://redmine.apidb.org/issues/16402
galaxy.cryptodb.org            cryp021s    apicommDevN  cryptodbpatch       uga_fed

mheiges.orthomcl.org           orth500s    apicommS     mheiges               uga_fed

# Intgration sites use apicommDev per Steve and Brian @ 4/11/2013 manager's meeting
integrate.amoebadb.org         ameb022n     apicommDevN  amoebadbintegrate     uga_fed
integrate.cryptodb.org         cryp022n     apicommDevN  cryptodbintegrate     uga_fed
integrate.eupathdb.org         eupaBn       apicommDevN  apidbintegrate        uga_fed
integrate.giardiadb.org        giar022n     apicommDevN  giardiadbintegrate    uga_fed
integrate.microsporidiadb.org  micr022n     apicommDevN  microintegrate        uga_fed
integrate.piroplasmadb.org     piro022n     apicommDevN  pirointegrate         uga_fed
integrate.plasmodb.org         plas022n     apicommDevN  plasmodbintegrate     uga_fed
integrate.toxodb.org           toxo022n     apicommDevN  toxodbintegrate       uga_fed
integrate.trichdb.org          tvag022n     apicommDevN  trichdbintegrate      uga_fed
integrate.tritrypdb.org        tryp022n     apicommDevN  trypdbintegrate       uga_fed
integrate.fungidb.org          fung-inc     apicommDevN  fungidbintegrate      uga_fed
integrate.hostdb.org           host022n     apicommDevN  hostdbintegrate       uga_fed
integrate.orthomcl.org         orth501n     apicommDevN  orthointegrate        uga_fed
integrate.wdk.apidb.org        pitaya.rcc.uga.edu/wdk200s pitaya.rcc.uga.edu/wdk200s  gusintegrate  gusintegrate


q1.amoebadb.org                ameb022s    apicommDevN     amoebadbwww           uga_fed
q1.cryptodb.org                cryp022s    apicommDevN     cryptodbwww           uga_fed
q1.eupathdb.org                eupaBs      apicommDevN     apidbwww              uga_fed
q1.giardiadb.org               giar022s    apicommDevN     giardiadbwww          uga_fed
q1.microsporidiadb.org         micr022s    apicommDevN     microwww              uga_fed
q1.piroplasmadb.org            piro022s    apicommDevN     pirowww               uga_fed
q1.plasmodb.org                plas022s    apicommDevN     plasmodbwww           uga_fed
q1.toxodb.org                  toxo022s    apicommDevN     toxodbwww             uga_fed
q1.trichdb.org                 tvag022s    apicommDevN     trichdbwww            uga_fed
q1.tritrypdb.org               tryp022s    apicommDevN     trypdbwww             uga_fed
q1.fungidb.org                 fung-inc    apicommDevN     fungidbwww            uga_fed
q1.hostdb.org                  host022s    apicommDevN     hostdbwww             uga_fed
q1.orthomcl.org                orth501s    apicommDevN     orthowww              uga_fed

q2.amoebadb.org                ameb022n    apicommDevN     amoebadbwww           uga_fed
q2.cryptodb.org                cryp022n    apicommDevN     cryptodbwww           uga_fed
q2.eupathdb.org                eupaBn      apicommDevN     apidbwww              uga_fed
q2.giardiadb.org               giar022n    apicommDevN     giardiadbwww          uga_fed
q2.microsporidiadb.org         micr022n    apicommDevN     microwww              uga_fed
q2.piroplasmadb.org            piro022n    apicommDevN     pirowww               uga_fed
q2.plasmodb.org                plas022n    apicommDevN     plasmodbwww           uga_fed
q2.toxodb.org                  toxo022n    apicommDevN     toxodbwww             uga_fed
q2.trichdb.org                 tvag022n    apicommDevN     trichdbwww            uga_fed
q2.tritrypdb.org               tryp022n    apicommDevN     trypdbwww             uga_fed
q2.fungidb.org                 fung-inc    apicommDevN     fungidbwww            uga_fed
q2.hostdb.org                  host022n    apicommDevN     hostdbwww             uga_fed
q2.orthomcl.org                orth501n    apicommDevN     orthowww              uga_fed
 
w1.amoebadb.org                ameb021s    apicommS     amoebadbwww           uga_fed
w1.cryptodb.org                cryp021s    apicommS     cryptodbwww           uga_fed
w1.eupathdb.org                eupaAs      apicommS     apidbwww              uga_fed
w1.giardiadb.org               giar021s    apicommS     giardiadbwww          uga_fed
w1.microsporidiadb.org         micr021s    apicommS     microwww              uga_fed
w1.piroplasmadb.org            piro021s    apicommS     pirowww               uga_fed
w1.plasmodb.org                plas021s    apicommS     plasmodbwww           uga_fed
w1.toxodb.org                  toxo021s    apicommS     toxodbwww             uga_fed
w1.trichdb.org                 tvag021s    apicommS     trichdbwww            uga_fed
w1.tritrypdb.org               tryp021s    apicommS     trypdbwww             uga_fed
w1.fungidb.org                 fung006s    apicommS     fungidbwww            uga_fed
w1.orthomcl.org                orth501s    apicommS     orthowww              uga_fed

w2.amoebadb.org                ameb021n    apicommN     amoebadbwww           uga_fed
w2.cryptodb.org                cryp021n    apicommN     cryptodbwww           uga_fed
w2.eupathdb.org                eupaAn      apicommN     apidbwww              uga_fed
w2.giardiadb.org               giar021n    apicommN     giardiadbwww          uga_fed
w2.microsporidiadb.org         micr021n    apicommN     microwww              uga_fed
w2.piroplasmadb.org            piro021n    apicommN     pirowww               uga_fed
w2.plasmodb.org                plas021n    apicommN     plasmodbwww           uga_fed
w2.toxodb.org                  toxo021n    apicommN     toxodbwww             uga_fed
w2.trichdb.org                 tvag021n    apicommN     trichdbwww            uga_fed
w2.tritrypdb.org               tryp021n    apicommN     trypdbwww             uga_fed
w2.fungidb.org                 fung006n    apicommN     fungidbwww            uga_fed
w2.orthomcl.org                orth501n    apicommN     orthowww              uga_fed

# other
icemr.plasmodb.org             icembl1n     icmrcomm     plasmodbwww           uga_fed
prism.plasmodb.org             prisbl1n     prsmcomm        plasmodbwww           uga_fed

